Government Simulator

Create your own government from scratch and simulate its effects on the area and it's people.

Federalism Type: Balance multi-state relations. Create a state government or the federal overarching. //Work on State first as a baseline.
  Constitutional Base (Have the basis of the government be placed upon a certain written set of rules)
	Democracy, Oligarchy, Dictatorship/Monarchal, Republic, (Custom)? //Take all values that affect nation and allow the user to craft their own form of governemnt and change values/multipliers (Less realistic, More sandboxy)
  'President' Base (Leader always has final say) //Option allowing for most sandbox experience, less factors to stop you (Revolts, rebellions, and lawful or unlawful protests may still occur)
	Monarchal/Dictator, Voted in

This will be the prototypes main goal to set all these features up

Influence Values:  //Based on bars that are affected by poicy during simulation. Think 'Reigns' but a bit more complex and stacking choices.

	Economical
		Export Tax
		Import Tax
		Internal Shopping Tax
		CoL (Cost of Living) 
		Job Market
		Homeless/# of people needing intervention (Food, housing, can be decided how you deal with this issue)
	Societal
		Freedom //Possibly expand deeper?
		Freedom Wants (The less Freedom your Gov. gives the more this bar can and likely will raise. This influences protests and revolts)
		Gov. Type Popularity
		Ruler Popularity
		Gov Popularity (Members of Government)
		//Def need more
	Internal
		Military #'s
		Military L. Aprv.
		Military S. Aprv.
		Military S. Loyalty


Democracy:	 Large Freedom boost (More intervention for the ruler), Significantly less likely to revolt (Instead large sweeping changes may start passing instead), More fluctuating and can cause citizen fatigue
Oligarchy:	 Negative Freedom boost (Less allowed intervention), Average likelyhood to revolt (Influenced based on policy), Strong pushes for low Ex. and Im. Taxation from the oligarchy members (Tarrifs)
Monarchal:	 Large Negative Freedom boost (People have very little to no say in government), Hightened likelyhood to revolt (Influenced based on policy), Needs strong military to keep afloat
Republic:	 Freedom Boost (Interventions will happen for the ruler), Less likely to revolt (People will vote more radical members of Leg. to change government)
Custom: 	 Add later... (After Prototype)

  
